Adds Idle feature to `SeekableStreamSupervisor` for inactive stream (#13144)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kafka-supervisor-operations.md

|DISCOVERING_INITIAL_TASKS (first iteration only)|RUNNING|The supervisor is discovering already-running tasks|
|CREATING_TASKS (first iteration only)|RUNNING|The supervisor is creating tasks and discovering state|
|RUNNING|RUNNING|The supervisor has started tasks and is waiting for taskDuration to elapse|

> |IDLE|IDLE|The supervisor is not creating tasks any longer since stream is idle|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|IDLE|IDLE|The supervisor is not creating tasks since the input stream has not received any new data|
```
